bpo-42560: add warning to Tkinter docs about outdated pre-8.5 documentation online (#27836)
python/cpython: Doc/library/tkinter.rst

additions and changes, and refer to the official Tcl/Tk documentation for
details that are unchanged.

> .. warning::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
```

   Tcl/Tk 8.5 (2007) introduced a modern set of themed user interface components

>    along with a new API to use them. Both old and new API's are still available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   along with a new API to use them. Both old and new APIs are still available.
```

>    Unfortunately, most documentation you will find online uses the old API and
>    is woefully outdated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Most documentation you will find online still uses the old API and
   can be woefully outdated.
```
